If you like Clarissa, Routhouse, Ren and Stimpy, and are you afraid of the dark, it's pretty easy to get what you want.
Just stay tuned for Snick.
Let's do it.
But do you know who's who tonight?
I don't know. That's really the hard part.
Oh, you'll know who when you Snick.
Yeah!
Next.
No!
Night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
What's clear?
Crystal clear.
Amigo ultimate.
What is it?
All other premium gasoline.
What's clear?
Amigo ultimate is the only premium refined and extra step to remove harmful impurities.
Harmful impurities you as a premium user don't want.
What's clear?
Why we do it?
For unsurpassed performance and a cleaner environment.
Crystal clear.
Amigo ultimate.
Chemical service line, can I help you?
Yeah, you see, all my life I've wanted a motorcycle.
Uh huh.
So today I finally bought one.
Congratulations.
Oh, it's a hunk of junk.
At Chemical, we have 24 hour customer service.
So you can speak to a real person anytime for any reason.
Anyway, I know it's late, but I gotta stop payment on the check.
No problem.
Great.
Because the only thing that works is the kickstand.
For the taste of chocolate tea, it's not that easy with me the slip.
His next fast break is gonna be a short trip over here.
Part of a complete breakfast, Kellogg's come to Christmas,
and he turns the milk chocolate tea with every bite.
So chocolatey.
Oh, everybody wants my chocolate Christmas.
Ooh.
Domino's is going wacky.
He's going wacky.
I don't know.
Gotta get Kool-Aid.
With every medium-large Domino's pizza order.
Should I buy a medium-large?
Yes, and get free Kool-Aid.
30 points in an order form for free stuff.
Say what?
A free two quart pack of Kool-Aid sugar sweetened drink mix.
30 Kool-Aid points in a fun wacky warehouse order form
with any medium-large Domino's pizza order.
Order in the car.
I'll have the yummy pepperoni delivered in 30 minutes.
Wow, that's something for nothing?
The pizza got something.
The rest is nothing.
Not that something.
Don't tell him I said so.
But my brother is totally cool.
Totally cool.
He can take a Yoo-Hoo chocolate drink
and do this with the cap.
I'm working on it.
Sorry, Dad.
But house rules.
You don't have to sink one to drink one.
Yoo-Hoo, the cool way to do chocolate and baseball cards.
Look for details in your favorite store.
Mom!
Play School Dollhouse.
And now you can get even more great stuff
for your Play School Dollhouse.
My big sister has a new convertible
and she loves driving Sarah around.
We got a washer and dryer
then I can use them myself.
Mom redecorated our room
and we got bug beds.
And we even got a barbecue set
for the backyard.
I love this house.
It's my Play School Dollhouse.
Play School Dollhouse
and accessory sets sold separately.
Batteries not included.
Welcome to SNCC.
Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about
on Monday Morning.
One thing you never outgrow is cartoons.
You could be 5, 15 or 50.
But when that anvil falls on that guy's head,
it's a scream.
But cartoons are kind of special.
Not everything lasts.
Like it or not, some stuff you just outgrow.
Here are some examples.
Gum wrapper chains.
When I was a kid,
my jaw used to ache from all the gum I chewed.
I could work on that chain for hours.
I was determined to make it a mile long.
But now I've kind of cut it out.
And then there's pigtails.
That used to be my hairstyle of choice,
but now that I'm a little older,
I've decided to let my hair down.
And what about batons?
I used to think that trolling them was a pretty flashy maneuver,
but then I realized there's just a flash in the pan.
Most of the good things in life
come with their own built-in expiration date.
You can try to keep using them after that,
but odds are it'll be a stale experience.
Knowing when to move on
is what growing up is all about.
But pretty soon,
I'll be trading in the trappings of childhood
for the perks of full-blown adulthood.
I'm more than ready to trade in my piggy bank for a credit card.
I can definitely handle having my 10 o'clock curfew
pushed back to midnight.
But the thing I'm most ready to take on
is a set of wheels.
In a few months,
when I finally get my driver's license,
I'll be moving on so fast,
some of the stuff I once liked
will be left in the dust.
Let's make this part of the graph a little more blue.
What are you doing in my room?
Making a bar graph.
Making a mess is more like it.
What is your jump doing all over everything?
I can't. This is for school.
Besides, I knew mom and dad wouldn't mind.
Well, I mind chimp brain,
and it's my computer,
so wipe with this chocolate slime and get out!
But, sis,
my report on America's consumption of dairy products
is due tomorrow,
and my computer doesn't do graphics.
Well, then do it the old-fashioned way.
Use a ruler.
Well, then it'll take hours.
Better get cracking.
Come on, sis.
This is your brother you're talking to.
That's right.
The one guy who should know enough
to stay out of my room without asking.
What about the time I picked up your game pack
and played?
You totally freaked out.
That was different. It was practically new.
You left it lying around the living room.
That makes a fair game.
If it had been in your room, I would have asked.
If I had asked to use a computer,
would you have let me?
Maybe.
But we'll never know now, will we?
Beat it!
Come on, sis.
I'll give you one last chance to reconsider.
Okay.
Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
We've logged off.
What is your bike doing on the walk
in the front of the house?
I just about broke my neck.
I'll get it in a minute, mom.
I don't understand.
Is it so hard to put things away when you're done?
Going out with Sam pretty soon anyway.
It's almost bike.
Clarissa, you begged us for that bike.
I know, but that was three years ago.
I'm practically driving now.
I think that's a separate issue, dear.
Has anybody seen my keys?
Well, where were you when you last had them?
Why do people always ask that?
I mean, if I knew where they were...
Forget it.
Dad, I promise they're not in here.
Boy, this quilt could use a wash.
Hey, those things kind of neat.
Where'd you get a sport?
Can I at least borrow your ruler?
What is everybody doing in my room?
Hey, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Ready to check out the new CD store?
Already.
Hey, where's my bike?
Oh, I guess mom moved it.
Come on, it must be in the backyard.
Not here.
She must have gone all the way
and put it in the garage.
Any luck?
Garden weasel, manure bag,
tether ball,
no bike.
Where do you think it could be?
I don't know.
Don't you have a report to do on dairy products?
Oh, I do.
Ice cream is research.
Have you seen my bike?
I don't really keep tabs on your bike, sis.
It's not in the front yard.
It's not in the backyard.
It's not in the garage.
So where is it?
I think we can safely rule out
spontaneous combustion
or it being swallowed by a sinkhole.
I hate to shock you with the obvious,
but maybe it's been stolen.
Stolen?
Who would steal it?
It's got to be somewhere.
I'd love to help you look for it, sis,
but I've got bar charts to do, remember?
Boy, you hear about these things happening every day,
but you never expect them to happen
in your own front yard.
Bikes disappear every day.
Yeah, but this bike is different.
This bike is mine.
I know it was just an old three-speed
with a bent pedal and a fake wicker basket,
but I miss my dumb old bike.
I can't believe I'm saying that,
but it's true.
I mean, it's my bike,
and I hate to think about somebody else
riding around on it.
I mean, I relied on that bike.
Now that I'm walking,
my whole day got off on the wrong foot.
I'd forgotten how long it takes
to get around without wheels.
By the time I got to school,
Mrs. Strepermeier locked the homeroom door.
It's humiliating being known as the only kid
in academic history trying to break into school.
Then after school,
it took me forever to get
to the pizza-pigout party with my friends.
Anyway, you slice it,
being without a bike really bites.
As if that wasn't enough,
I finally got to see murder on the Uptown Express.
But since I missed the opening scene,
I still don't know who done it.
Boy, for a two-wheel vehicle designed
to get a kid around town,
a bicycle has got a lot of power.
Thank you, fans.
We're here through Saturday.
No, it's not applause, sport.
I'm looking for my keys.
You mean you haven't found them yet?
Oh, yeah, sure I have.
Just long enough to put that key clapper gizmo on.
How's it work, bed?
Well, I'm not exactly sure.
I clap, it beeps, you follow the sound,
it, you find your keys.
Cool.
So how long have you been looking for them?
45 minutes.
It seemed a lot more effective on the commercials.
Dad, let me ask you something.
Yeah, shoot.
What do you do if something of yours gets stolen?
Oh, I don't think my keys were stolen.
Me neither, Dad.
It's my bike.
You think your bike is stolen?
I can't find it anywhere, Dad.
Sport, I shouldn't have to tell you this.
That's why the garage has a lock on it.
I know.
Stolen.
The front of the house?
It's gone, so now what do I do?
Well, let's see.
Well, you could just chalk it up to experience
and accept that your bike is gone.
Or we could try and get it back.
How'd we do that?
Call the police.
That sounds kind of drastic, Dad.
Well, that's what they're there for.
But aren't they busy busting bank robbers or something?
Yeah, well, I'm sure they could squeeze you in.
I'll go give them a call.
Thanks, Dad.
But, um, you know, it's my bike,
and I'm not a kid anymore.
I'll call.
Okay, Sport.
That's the way you want it.
Study.
Will they take me seriously?
I mean, what if they laugh at me?
Wait a minute.
What right do they have to laugh at me?
I mean, I pay taxes.
Well, okay.
Not me exactly, but people I'm related to do.
Only one way to find out.
Hello, operator.
Get me the police.
I've always wanted to say that.
That's the way you wear it, Mom.
Well, I just want you to look nice for the police, Azolla.
Mom.
Somebody call about a missing bike.
That's me.
Come.
Hi, I'm Janet, darling.
Come on in.
Mom, I think I can handle this by myself.
Okay, you go ahead.
But I think I'll hang around, though.
You close the darling?
Uh-huh.
I'm Officer Mustafa.
This is Officer Baines.
Hi.
So you think you can catch whoever took my bike?
Depends.
You know who did it?
Funny.
Tell us about the bike.
Well, I got it three years ago for my birthday,
and it seemed like a big deal at the time,
but what I really wanted was a car.
But, you know, you need to learn this permit first.
Uh-huh, we see.
Back to the bike.
Can you describe it?
Okay.
Um, it was a 26-inch girl's bike.
And doesn't it have that cute license plate
that says Clarissa on the back?
Oh, my.
I checked that off two years ago.
Um, it was red with a wicker basket.
Three-speed.
This is why I joined the force.
When did you last see the bike?
Monday.
Uh-huh, where?
In the front yard.
Locked?
Not exactly.
Unlocked for daylight?
Unattended?
Only for a minute.
Can you imagine we were all in the house?
Uh-huh.
Are you getting all this down?
Oh, yeah.
We'll let you know if something turns up.
Is that it?
Well, what else did you expect them to do, dear?
I suppose we could fingerprint the lawn.
We'll do everything that we can.
So you think you can get my bike back?
It's hard to say.
We see a lot of cases like this.
Try not to get your hopes up.
There isn't a very good recovery rate on bicycles.
A bike gets stolen every three minutes.
How often have I found?
Let's just say we've been on this case for ten minutes.
We haven't recovered a bike yet.
So you figure it out.
It was nice meeting you.
Well, so long.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah, thanks.
I think.
Boy, they weren't much help.
Well, we don't know that yet, dear.
I don't know.
They just didn't seem to care.
Cops on TV at least pretend to be interested.
Let's wait and see what turns up.
Great.
By the time they find my bike,
the only wheels I'll need will be on my wheelchair.
If I really want my bike back,
I'm gonna have to go out and get it myself.
Mom and Dad won't responsible.
I'll give them responsible.
So what if I don't have any wheels?
I can afford a little shoe leather finding my bike.
Yeah, just like the old private eyes,
I'll scour the neighborhood.
I'll walk every inch of these mean streets.
I can see it now.
It was a cold, damp and dingy night.
Like a sweat sock that had been worn to one gym class too many.
But I didn't care.
I had a job to do.
It's easy losing a bike in this town.
Hard parts getting it back.
That's where I come in.
Name's Darling.
Clarissa Darling, P.I.
I got a tip from Willie the Mole
that something fishy was going on down at the docks.
And I don't mean halibut.
The docks.
I hate the docks.
Ordered the tuna salad.
Extra mayo.
Translation, the bike I was looking for
had a one-way ticket to Shanghai
unless somebody moved and fast.
That somebody was me.
Please, careful, careful.
Happy to see me, Mr. Big.
You're too late, my dear.
Your precious bike is as good as gone.
Oh yeah?
Tell that to my buddies in blue.
Darling, we got your call.
What's the big... Oh, Mr. Big.
We've got a nice place for you downtown.
With bars on the window and everything.
Game's set and matched to you, darling.
But next time, I say...
You could start serving now.
Five to fifteen for bike theft.
All this fishing.
He's starting to stink.
Well, I still don't have a clue as to where my bike is
but it looks like the big wheel will spin tonight.
Translation, I got to get my bike back
and the only way to do that is to get out there
and kick up some dirt.
More Clarissa.
More Snake. After this.
Help sort them, stack them and make them disappear.
One player.
Two players. Four, four.
Yoshi's Cookie on NES and Game Boy.
Cookie.
From Touchstone Pictures, Michael J. Fox is a children's agent.
Big deal's happening every minute.
And his clients want to be actors.
I want to work with Michelle Pfeiffer.
In the worst way.
Oh, fuck!
But no matter how tough it gets...
How much of this slut do I have to eat today?
What am I, Job?
He'll never give up hope.
I love that song.
Me too.
What were you playing?
Michael J. Fox.
Life with Mikey, rated PG.
Starts Friday, June 4th at a theater near you.
The action shouldn't catch game with the power of stretch net.
That seems to squish Super Net Ball over 100 feet.
Super Net Ball, yeah. Super Hot.
Super Net Ball.
Another great squish product from Cap Toys.
Who else?
Nick Mania goes loony.
Bugs, Sylvester, Tweety, and that's not all, folks.
Find out if you're a fud or a Bugsmeister.
Watch Nick Mania tomorrow on Nick.
The all new thrashers here.
The Blasters.
Blasher.
Blast them.
No one can chump me.
The Blasters.
Blasher is awesome.
The power is complete.
The other hair blasters from Tycho.
The world television premiere of a Disney favorite.
The adventurous tale of a parcel of precocious puppies
and their perilous plight to escape the clutches of the creepy Cruella de Vil.
You won't see this anywhere else.
It's 101 Dalmatians premiering on the Disney Channel.
Clarissa explains it all.
I wanted to have my stolen bike back in time to go to the movies tonight.
I was all charged up to look for it.
But after spending a couple days running around,
I think my batteries worn out.
Here are some of the things I did.
First, I put posters up all over town.
Didn't get any response.
It's true.
Reading is a dying art.
Then I went door-to-door asking if anybody'd seen any suspicious characters.
Nobody had anything to say about my bike.
But the whole neighborhood is talking about Mr. Babelbrook's new to pay.
Turns out, he isn't fooling anyone.
I even went to the used bike store to see if somebody sold it.
Saw a lot of bikes.
None of them were mine.
The worst part is I had to walk everywhere.
If only I had a bike, finding my bike would be easier.
Should I really have to deal with this at my age?
Am I reduced to begging for rides until I get my license?
Mom, are you busy?
Kind of, Clarissa. Why?
Well, what about later? Are you busy later?
What's on your mind?
I'm looking for a ride to the multiplex.
Sorry, dear. I've already run my errands.
Plus, I have to finish this budget for the children's museum.
I'm never going to get anywhere.
Well, there is another solution, you know.
You'll let me drive?
No. I mean, you can borrow your brother's bike.
Ugh. I'd rather walk.
Well, it's up to you.
Great.
The perfect ending to a lousy day.
Crawling to Furgwood for help.
Well, I guess you got to crawl before you can ride.
Who is it?
Can I talk to you a minute, Ferguson?
Ferguson?
Ferguson, not Furgwad, Furgturd, or Furgbreath?
Somebody must want something.
Enter.
I need a favor.
Well, I'm a reasonable man. Ask away.
I need your bike just for tonight.
My bike? You want to borrow my bike?
Do you have to rub it in?
Have to? Nah, I choose to.
Besides, this is from the woman who begrudged me not only a computer,
but a ruler as well.
At least I'm asking first, and believe me, it's painful.
Oh, let's dwell on that a moment.
Okay, you can use my computer.
Nope. Too little, too late, too bad.
Besides, I handed in that report days ago.
Come on, Ferguson, just lend it to me.
No, sis, because while I understand your needs,
somebody's got to look out for mine.
What are you talking about?
Well, suppose, just suppose I lent you my bike.
Would that be prudent?
We have clear evidence that a bike is not safe in your hands.
I'll lock it up.
Oh, and then there's the wear and tear in the tires.
I'll give you a dollar.
You're on. Come with me.
Wait, you must be joking.
This is your crummy old bike that Clifford wrapped around a tree.
You never specified making model. Happy riding.
Forget it. Give me the rock band of $4,000 or my dollar back.
Sorry, sis. I can't make that deal.
I'll tell you what. You take this one off my hands for $10 even.
With a little work, it could be a real beaut.
I can't believe this.
Take it or leave it?
Let me see if I've got it.
Here's a one, a five, and four more ones.
Thank you. Thank you.
I think I'll add this to my presidential portrait collection.
Goodbye, my dear old bike.
Take good care of it, sis.
I've got a lot of fond memories of my riding days with this bike.
If these folks could talk,
they'd say...
Shut up.
Okay.
Great.
Here I am ready for a four-in-the-floor convertible,
and I'm forced to ride my little brother's two-wheel leftovers.
Well, I may have outgrown a bike, but it looks like I still need a bike.
I may have stuck with this thing, or I'm stuck at home.
Okay.
You put on new brake pads, new wheels, new fork,
straighten out the handlebars, and attach to new fender.
So when you think about it, for $10?
$10? After what I spent on parts?
You saved on labor.
Yeah, thanks, Sam. You're real whiz with a wrench.
Hey, we worked together.
And I've got to say, we really got it to look like...
A bike?
Who would have believed?
Yeah, we really did do a good job.
Hi, Dad. What do you got there?
Ah, the end of my key dilemma, the key rack.
Did you make that yourself?
Sure did.
Where are you going to put it, Dad?
Oh, right inside the kitchen door.
There's a hook for each one of us.
This way we'll have all of our keys, all in a row, all together, right by the door.
So anyone who breaks in will have total access to everything we own.
Nice try, Dad.
Yeah, right.
Well, maybe I can use it for a belt rack.
Your family sure has trouble hanging on to things.
And then there are those things we can't get rid of no matter how hard we try.
You fixed it up?
Well, yeah, you fixed it up. I mean, how much did you spend?
A lot.
Well, it looks good. I mean, it looks really good.
You spent a lot.
I can't believe you spent a lot.
You could probably resell it if you wanted.
Why would I want to resell it?
In case your bike showed up.
It's not coming back.
You never know. It might.
What are you talking about?
Just talking to free country.
Hey, Sam, that's a nice shirt you got on there.
What are you talking about? I've worn this shirt a million times.
Do you know something about my bike?
Yeah. Looks great. Do a terrific job.
My other bike? My real bike?
That's crazy. Does that make any sense?
That I would know about your bike and I tell you,
wow, you're getting kind of paranoid.
He's acting awfully strange.
Sure is. Even by Bergwad standards.
What was that whole deal about my shirt?
He's got to be up to something.
Like what?
I don't know, but I have a sneaking suspicion.
Didn't you?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Now I'm not going to get mad and I'm not going to hurt you.
I just want you to get up there and bring it back.
Sis, you're getting irrational.
You're beginning to accuse members of your own family.
We shouldn't turn against each other in times like these.
I want it back now.
Now? I'd have to have it to give it back to you.
Now I don't have it.
What did you do with it?
The thieves could have taken it anywhere.
Even to a chop shop, it could be in pieces all over town.
What did you do with it?
It could be weighed down with chains at the bottom of Lake Wanamaka,
sleeping with fishes.
What did you do with it?
I read some place that they melt them down.
It could be shoe buckles.
Bergwad!
I mean, who knows?
It could be on a slow boat to Albania,
headed for the black market.
That doesn't...
Wait!
I'm going to cut a deal.
You're in no position to deal right now.
Think about it.
I'm the only one who knows where your bike is,
and if you kill me, you'll never find it.
Get it!
I was gonna get it anyway.
If my bike isn't out front in ten minutes,
you're gonna get it from me.
So anyway, Mom, about buying a car,
you know Rebecca Peter tells that she wanted a car,
and I said, well, kind of, she said pink,
and that makes no sense to me.
I mean, it's not that looks aren't important.
It seems secondary, you know?
If I was to pick a car, I'd put performance over style.
I mean, don't get me wrong, it's not that it should look like
it came out of a trash heap or anything, but...
Clarissa, I really want to talk about this,
but could you put the napkins on the table, please?
Sure, Mom.
Is Ferguson still not back?
No, and I'm a little worried. It's getting dark.
Don't worry, Mom. I hear Rodin's have excellent night vision.
You know, I can't believe that we still have to go through this with you two.
What did I do?
I mean, Ferguson stole my bike,
hit it, and learned about it.
Yeah, right. Well, today it's him, tomorrow it's you,
it's back and forth, and never ends.
What am I supposed to do? Just sit back and take it?
Oh, it's about time.
Dude, you put my bike in the garage.
It wasn't there.
Ferguson, I've had enough of this.
Yeah, I swear.
I mean, I stashed it in the woods behind the mini mart.
I didn't think anybody would go back there,
because it smells yucky, and now it's gone.
You steal your sister's bike,
you make the police come to our house.
It was a joke.
I don't understand what makes you think that that's a joke.
Look, she was asking for it.
All I wanted to do was borrow her computer for an hour.
And that's an excuse?
You mean it's really stolen and not just pretend stolen?
I guess so.
All right, Ferguson, if it's really gone,
you know what you've got to do.
Apologize.
Yes, again.
Apologize sincerely?
One more time.
Oh, not pay for it. Come on, Dad.
I'm the victim here.
Yeah, just pay her.
All right, well, we'll have to calculate for depreciation.
I got you depreciation right here.
Just try it.
Oh, stop it, both of you.
Can't stand it anymore.
We are getting a little tired of this, kids.
Yeah, I'd leave if only I could find my keys.
And do you want a car?
It's a big responsibility.
You don't want a kid behind the wheel.
I'll tell you what.
You give me my $10 back,
pay me for the parts I put on your bike
and I'll keep that and we'll call it even.
Really?
Hey, it's just a bike.
Whoa, that is one serious lock, Clarissa.
I'm not taking any chances with this one.
I want to make sure this is the last bike I need
before I traded in for something with four wheels
and seatbelts.
Man, I can't believe you let Ferguson off the hook.
You could have gotten anything you wanted.
I mean, you were holding all the cards.
Yeah, but now I've got a real lace in the hole.
My parents think I'm ready for a car.
Good thinking.
Thanks. Hey, Sam, do you think you could
let me a couple of bucks for the movies?
Sure. Ferguson still hasn't paid you back yet?
He's working on it.
He's actually resorted to manual labor
throughout the neighborhood.
Sounds humiliating.
Yeah, but you know, he's graduated
to a four-wheel vehicle, too.
How long do you think it'll take him during the bucks?
Couple of weeks.
But something tells me it'll be worth the wait.
Who's the bully?
And whose mom transforms
into the mominator?
For the answers to these dangerous questions,
check out What's Up at the Roundhouse.
Next on The Snake...
Keep sneaking.
The Yaks Men are coming.
Nickelodeon presents the world premiere
of an ever-before-seen Ren and Stimpy
at a revolutionary time.
Tomorrow at 7-6 Central,
see our heroes, Ren and Stimpy,
the mission of glory.
See them grapple with a Kodiak Marmoset.
See them wear skirts.
It's Ren and Stimpy as the royal Canadian
Killed in Yaks Men.
It's a brand-spite new Ren and Stimpy
at a special time.
Tomorrow at 7-6 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
I love Little's Pet Shop Play Set.
It's the perfect place for all your pets.
Now I've got the whole pet shop.
Little's Pet Shop Play Set
comes with everything you see here.
I'll make you all better now.
Baby, check up.
Fever's high today.
The medicine I'll give you makes it go away.
I'll make you all better now.
Baby, check up.
Four times better.
Four times longer.
Four times the TV viewing pleasure guaranteed.
When you watch the four classic episodes
in every very, very Nick at Night.
Tonight, it's Mary in the bathtub.
Mary in that dress.
Mary in jail.
Mary in love.
It's simply very, very Mary.
That's this week's Very, Very Nick at Night.
And it all starts tonight at 10-9 Central.
Join us if you can.
Thank you.
Wrong, Brontosaurus breath.
I'm not just a dinosaur.
I'm Rocky D.
I'm Mr. Nair.
Wow, you eat rocks?
Well, certainly not those hard things you find on the ground,
but these totally cool, new, soft and chewy
Brock's rocks candies.
Look like rocks, feel like rocks.
Hey, they don't taste like rocks.
They're great.
Yup, five dynamite fruit flavors.
Excellent.
You can get your rocks from Brock's, Brock's rocks.
Now we're rocking with Brock's rocks.
This morning, we were regular fifth graders.
Now we're heroes.
We were separated from our class on a field trip.
We were off goofing around when we realized...
We're late. We're gonna miss our bus.
We knew if we missed our bus, we'd be toast.
Once we saw our bus,
we figured we were aces.
We were wrong.
How come we don't know anyone on this bus?
Because that's our bus.
What bus are you boys supposed to be on?
The one that's going to McDonald's. Yeah.
Follow that bus.
Not with famous, which is cool,
because famous people never do homework.
The conflict is here to stay.
No, it's not. Yes, it is.
In the central, northeast, Midwestern portion
of the southernmost part of the state,
tempers flare into a flurry of fisticuffs,
details at 12.
We now return you to our regularly scheduled program.
No, we won't.
Yes, we will.
Picked on the wrong little spotted deer.
Now that's what I call family entertainment.
How can you say that? It's so violent.
Oh, no, you don't.
You're not dragging me into an argument
and you'll have some narrator tromping around here
talking about unhappy families and domestic disputes.
Oh, honey, you're being ridiculous.
Oh, now I'm being ridiculous. Yes.
I'm being ridiculous. I'm being ridiculous.
But of course, the most common source of conflict
is in the home. Oh, I knew it.
I knew it.
Can you tell us why? You bet, Chuck.
You see, I put on six pounds.
He used to have a 4,820-pound advantage over me,
but I wound that down
to 4,814.
Well, that should make for a better rematch.
This match is underway.
Let's go down to the track and get a word with the winner.
What exactly happened down there?
Well, at first I thought I might swerve to miss the guy,
but then he knocked out one of my taillights,
so I just backed over him.
Oh, mad dog, will this be it for you?
No way, Chuck. I'll be back next time I put on 10 pounds.
Well, I can see your spirits aren't flat,
even though you obviously are.
I'd like to shake your hand.
Oh, there goes the true sportsman.
And I, for one, am proud to have a part of him.
Well, there are some people
who deal with conflict in life
by using their brains, their talents, their hard work.
Then there is the kind of person
who tries to get by on fear,
intimidation, and trying to make others look small
by making himself look bigger.
I am bigger.
That's why I should be doing this introduction. Get lost.
He's called a bully, and there's probably one in your school.
I'm gonna get you for that, you little twerp.
Na-na-na-na-na.
Hey, you! Get over here before I punch your face in.
Yeah, get over here before I punch your face in.
Shut up, punk. Yeah, I should shut up, punk.
What did I do? Are you kidding?
You happened by when I was frustrated
and mad about something else.
So, obviously, I'm gonna take it out on the first innocent thing I see.
Ow, boy, do I feel stupid.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to another edition
of How Stupid Am I,
the show where unmoly contestants are humiliated
just for the fun of it.
And now, a man who spreads unhappiness wherever he goes,
the neighborhood bully, who'll be picking on
John and a kid from about two houses down the street.
Now, John, correct me if I'm wrong,
but you're fairly gullible
and much younger than me, am I right?
I don't want to play.
Shut up! Yeah, shut up!
Here comes the first setup.
Hey, what's that on your shirt?
Where? Right there.
Ashing first round, and now for the second challenge.
All right, now, I'm gonna play arms back
and you try and stop me, okay?
John, do you feel stupid?
What do you think?
Wow, that was pretty stupid.
Excellent! And now for the softest punch portion of our show,
whoever delivers the softest punch wins.
Ready? Go!
Ooh, that was pretty soft.
I don't know if I can match that.
Hey, Dad, there's this bully at school
that's been picking on me. What should I do?
So this guy's bigger and tougher than you are, right?
Right. Oh, and you're gonna give me that speech
about how all I have to do is stand up to him
and he'll respect me for it, right?
Are you crazy? He'll beat the crap out of you.
Let me tell you a little story, son.
Hey, hey, hey, I don't need any stupid effects here.
This is a simple story.
All right, you don't have to bully us.
Hey, I got your bully right here, pal!
Anyway, there was this bully who was always picking on me at school.
Every day, my mom would pack a chocolate bar at my lunch
and every day, the bully would take it from me.
Well, one day, I took a whole pack of laxatives
and I wrapped it in a paper from the regular chocolate bar.
The bully took it as usual
and he was out of school for two weeks.
Boy, I bet he was mad when he got back.
Yeah, but it didn't matter. He only weighed 11 pounds.
Well, thanks, Dad. That was truly an inspirational story.
Thanks, Dad. That was truly an inspirational story.
Thanks, Dad. That was truly an inspirational...
Shut up!
Left, right, don't, but I've been told
I don't know, but I've been told
Love that neighbor's getting old
Looking out for number one
It's in the house and much more fun
Left, left, left, right, left, left, right, left
Well, I'm a tough guy
I'm the one that cut the bully and I don't cry
And I'm trying to pull a wooly on you
I'm a juvenile delay when it's true
I'm the one that cut the bully
And I'm trying to pull a wooly
You see this boy thinks it out
It's just a way to hide the fact that I don't know
How to make good friends
So I gotta make the wicked guys kiss my hands
Just to find the means
Being mean is my routine
Cause I'm a tough guy
And I don't cry
On you
Big Orange Couch will sneak again
After this
This Sunday at 8-7 Central
Only on Nickelodeon
Luigi! No!
Do anything
Luigi!
Fight anyone
I don't think you want to do that
To save the princess
You got a problem with that?
Where the game ends
I'm not riding with you anymore
The adventure begins
Are you alright?
Super Mario Bros. Red & PG
Starts Friday, May 28th at a theater near you
We now return to Roundhouse & Snick
Only on Nickel
Of course, Mom
Would you think we'll change the story in the middle of the show?
Oh, oh
Not so good
Billy Rudnick's been bullying me around
Have the audacity, dude
Why don't you hang with us?
There's strength in numbers, dude
Speaking of the devilish, dude
Here comes his bullying us now
Who are they?
Those are his cheerleaders
I'm a model
It's what I am
It's just that it's so hard to say out loud
I'm a model
I'm bad to you
Am I bad?
Am I a bad model?
I was going to hate me for this
I'm one of those people who can eat whatever they want
And not get fat
Do you like hate me now?
Am I too totally hated for words?
You, any kid
Get over here
Yeah, kid, get over here
Damn
You don't have to do what he says
No
Just a little dwee on the any
I'm only out and told you
Every year, hundreds of kids are injured
And head on collisions with someone else's fist
Say your prayers, you miserable little zit
You're about to get popped
It's Blyslur
Say
Are you being stopped from punching out a dwee by a bully side airbag?
Then get the new airbag deflation device
Thanks
Anything for a bot
Look at that knockout punch again in slow motion
Billy uses to knock John's aspiration out of him
Happy second birthday
Wait, I'm just getting to the good part
Billy
Oh, thanks
Aren't you going to go with your friends?
They're not really my friends
I don't think what Billy did was cool at all
I think you were right to stand up to him
Really?
Yeah
What about the music?
This must be the part where I meet a girl
Who inspires me to learn to fight
And take on the bully like a real man
I don't have time to inspire you right now
I'm late for class
Speaking of inspiration
I bet if I turn on the TV right now
I'll see something that will give me an idea
Tonight on Shmo Time
It's the story of a young boy
Who meets an old Oriental man
Who is nasty to him for his own good
Slowly but surely
Teaches him incredible martial arts skills
That will enable him to win the fight of a lifetime
You have come to the right place, my son
Help me, Mr. Umaki
I want to learn how to fight too
You want to learn how to fight?
Take this
It's okay
This is the part where I'm nasty to you for your own good
First, you must learn the way of the ostrich
Why the ostrich, old wise one?
Because just as the ostrich hide his head in sand
You must learn to cover up when bully beat clap out of you
Like this
Like this?
No
No, sometimes, Mr. Umaki
You like to hit help with dweeb too
Now try it again
This time with feeling
Coward
Then cover
Cowardy kid too
Coming soon to a school yard near you
Big orange couch will sneak again
After this
Some stories can only be told at night
And the midnight society is telling them
Watch Are You Afraid of the Dark
Tonight at 9.30, 8.30 Central
Only on Snake
It's the Buggoozer
Buggoozer lets you grow
Squishy squirmy bugs
Squish spiders too
And people shout
Ew, ghost me out
Creepy crushers make bugs hairy
Crawly is scary
What do you do with bugs like that?
Splat
Pop it on the little bun
We'll be back
The Buggoozer will glow in the dark play-doh
Creepy crushers in case of color sold separately
Hanging in the jungle with my go-go-christies
When a speedy cheetah sends out from the trees
He makes a fast brad leaving me in the breeze
Stopping for the taste of chocolate tea
It's not that easy giving me the slip
His next fast break is going to be a short trip home
We are part of a complete breakfast
Kellogg's have done Christmas
Even turns the milk chocolatey
With every bite of chocolate tea
Oh everybody wants my go-go-christies
And soon
I'm in Super Net Ball
Take your best shot
Play Super Net Ball
The action shouldn't catch game with the power of stretch net
That sings a squish Super Net Ball
Over 100 feet
Super Net Ball, yeah, super hot
Super Net Ball
Another great Squish product from Cap Toys
Who else?
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick
Only on Nick
Do do do do
Do do do do do do
I've been a veteran age 55 to 80
Do you have a pencil handy?
Do you have any pets or a mailbox?
Can you do this?
What's the capital of North Dakota?
Is it further to New York or by train?
Why do I ask so many questions?
Is it my job?
Is anybody care?
Is anybody watching?
Is this a real commercial?
Is this the address to write to?
Is there anything to write for?
Should I show it to you again?
What's the difference between an orange?
Am I still on?
Is this mic still working?
Is a screen going black?
This is the stupidest commercial yet.
Are you going to change a cheque?
Are you the two first?
I'll change my image.
Well, you can change your image later, mister.
Right now you need to come down to breakfast.
Mom, what are you doing on TV?
Oh, I'm doing a commercial.
If you're anything like my family,
you're probably not a morning person.
In fact, in this house, we're not even real people
until around noon.
But all that's changed since I discovered sugar-frosted
cocoa-honey-sweetened caramel fudgies,
the delicious new breakfast cereal from CNH Foods.
Pass the milk, please.
Sugar-frosted cocoa-honey-sweetened caramel
fudgies may not be nutritious, but just a single serving
provides enough sugar to get even
the most slothful family going.
Great breakfast, mom.
They are delicious with milk and even better
with chocolate syrup.
I like mine with chocolate.
Pasta rupiah!
I mean, like, so I did many openers.
I start with sugar-frosted cocoa-honey-sweetened
caramel fudgies.
And remember, a sugar rush is a fleeting rush.
So while you've got the energy,
I'm sure to put the coffee on.
Where are you off to?
Oh, I got tickets to name that song.
Watch the show.
Maybe I'll get to be a contestant.
OK.
Yes, welcome to our special head-banger edition
of Name That Song, with special guest host,
popular garage man, Nervosa the Losers, out of the garage
and under the charge.
I can name that song in 17 notes.
I can name that song in 13 notes.
Name that song.
Our love is like a gentle stream.
That is correct.
Would you like to touch me?
Of course you would.
Out of the red and into the gold.
I can name that song in 19 notes.
Name that song.
Correcting ball.
That is correct.
Would you like to eat sashimi out of my navel?
Of course you would.
Name that song.
So it is.
You just won thousands of dollars
and selected from our studio audiences.
John.
You going down, butt head.
Check it out, dudettes.
No, if I win, Billy will kill me.
OK, let's learn a little bit more about our contestants.
Johnny, tell us about yourself.
Well, I'm a giving kind of guy.
For example, if I should win any prizes on today's show,
I'd gladly give them to the other player.
Wow, you must be a really good sport.
You're not very bright.
Now, let's see.
Yeah, I'd like to make fun of people
and push around guys who are smaller than me.
I'd like to speak for a moment on a more serious note.
Not serious.
Lights.
Music.
See, I'd like to point out the deeper psychological motives
behind my being a bully.
Is it that I never consider myself
as good as the other kids and I can't cope with that?
Or maybe, maybe by dominating other people
with my sheer physical bulk, I think
that will distract them from my lack of social skills.
Nah, I'm just rude and ignorant.
And besides, I really like to get bones crushed
and taking stuff that doesn't belong to me.
That Billy is a bully.
And I'm going to go down there and give him a talking to.
Mominator.
Mominator, my bully butt.
I'm bigger and stronger than you.
Shut up.
Yee.
Yes, but I have something you will never have.
What?
PMS.
Now you listen here, young man.
You have been rude and nothing but trouble
to this entire show.
And I am not going to stand for it anymore.
Do you hear me?
I'm sorry, it's like all my ear.
I'm sorry, just let go of my ear.
What?
Let go of my ear, please.
Miss Mominator, ma'am.
Ah, that's better.
Now I got home and take out the garbage.
Yes, ma'am.
Wow, your mom sure showed that guy.
Yeah.
If he were to beat you up, I would have taken care of you.
Really?
Yeah, I would have tended to your wounds and kissed your bruises
and massaged your poor, achy body.
Hey, Billy!
Billy, sock me just once.
Billy, come on.
What do you say, one black eye?
Billy, hey.
And so there it is.
As you just saw, conflict does not
have to lead to violence.
If we'd all take a moment to take care of one another.
I'm not going to say what I think you're going to say,
are you?
Well, what did you think I was going to say?
The last line of the show.
Yeah, as a matter of fact, I am.
Well, I never get to say that line.
You know what about me?
I never ever get to say it.
Yeah, you better show the time.
OK, conflict show, come on.
And Snick, and now as Ren becomes a father.
Ah, no.
Forget that stuff.
But who's his son?
Yes!
Hold on for the Ren and Stiffy show next on Snick.
Roundhouse is taken before a live studio audience.
Nickelodeon Studios and Universal Studios.
And Nickelodeon Studios at Universal Studios.
Land of Ford.
Land of Florida.
Sure.
Yes.
Keep basking in the glow of the big orange couch.
Snick will continue after these messages.
One can't jump in, the power is complete.
The other air blasters from Tyco.
Looks like we've got us a door.
It's the film that made us laugh and made us cry.
Now share this touching Disney classic
with the whole family.
Fess Parker, Dorothy McGuire, and Tommy Kirkstar
in a moving story of loyalty and love.
I never saw such a doll.
You will never see another one like him.
Old Yeller.
And you can see it only on the Disney Channel.
What wiggles and squiggles and makes you giggle?
The fantastic motorized drawing pen.
Just turn the pen on and feel it wiggle.
Gets a giggle.
The squiggle wiggle comes with pens of five different colors.
Squiggle, the giggle pen that you'll play with for hours.
Squiggle wiggle, the oscillating pen.
Squiggle wiggle writer, the original writer by large.
Squiggle wiggle writer.
I love the taste of milk, Max.
It's a great taste.
Which is why, for the pleasure of a tall, tasty glass,
I do almost anything.
For the smooth, cool goodness of milk,
I fly to the farthest galaxy.
For the cold, refreshing taste of milk,
I crawl through the burning wasteland.
For one satisfying yummy gop of milk,
I'd stretch myself to the limits.
I do homework, Max.
Wow!
Milk.
It tastes so good.
Humans come and feed these creatures by hand.
I tell you, we could live like kings here.
Come, Stimson.
Let us go and seek the proprietor of this establishment.
You know what you're gonna say.
You're gonna say how weird the two finest examples
of monkey flesh that you have ever seen.
Yeah, especially because I'm a cat.
So, what do you say?
Hmm...
Yoki-doki, you boys get the job.
Whoa!
This dimpy, you've got to know how to talk to this piece.
Look at that dimpy.
No longer are we lonely house pets.
We've climbed the evolutionary ladder.
We've been accepted into the world of higher mammals.
We've evolved.
Aren't you ashamed?
What if another monkey saw that?
That blasted stick out of your nose!
Okay.
Shame, dimpy.
You have to pardon my friend here.
He's not as yet accustomed to your sophisticated city monkey ways.
Okay, dimpy.
It's time for your evolving lessons.
Oh, rapture.
I'm gonna be a monkey.
Monkey, monkey, monkey.
Okay?
If you want to be a monkey, you gotta learn to act like a monkey.
And I've got to know how, because I've seen every Tarzan movie ever made.
So watch and learn.
All right, dimpy, listen up.
Now, note the ease with which I swing so nimbly.
Hither, Indian.
Witness as I perform an amazing double somersault
and catch myself with my preancel tail.
Oh, I get the idea.
Pre-head-style doze.
I tell ya, being a monkey is harder than I thought.
Yeah, my monkey suit is all itchy with vermin in life.
What's a monkey gotta do to get some grooming around here?
Say, cheetah, be a pal and have at these lights, will ya?
Oh, head-run.
Eat the nice vermin.
I do, I do.
Tell me what you got.
It's my preach you'd come.
I'm I raised pigs by Yali.
We're before seeing Ren and Stimpy at a revolutionary time.
Tomorrow at 7-6 Central, see our heroes, Ren and Stimpy,
as they battle the elements in their mission of glory.
See them grapple with the Kodiak Marmoset.
See them wear skirts.
It's Ren and Stimpy as the Royal Canadian Killed in Yaksmen.
It's a brand-spanning new Ren and Stimpy at a special time.
Tomorrow at 7-6 Central, only on Nickelodeon.
You're now fully trained, Special Agent.
You have your assignment and your special equipment.
When you want a special water gun,
you want the super-soaker, multi-directional soaker.
Like our regular super-soakers, the MDS delivers a grinchy spray.
But it also has an extra feature,
a nozzle that lets you cover your flanks.
The super-soaker MDS.
These water guns a whole new twist.
So available the super-soaker bow and arrow.
I've got some news for those guys who play two sports.
Try five.
When you play five sports, you really need something this good.
Right, tasting time and care.
Really, really good stuff.
Look, it's a dinosaur!
Wrong, Brontosaurus breath.
I'm not just a dinosaur.
I'm Rocky D.
Dinosaur extraordinaire.
Wow, you eat rocks?
Well, certainly not those hard things you find on the ground,
but these totally cool, new, soft and chewy brachs-rocks candies.
Look like rocks, feel like rocks.
Hey, they don't taste like rocks, they're green.
Yup, five dynamite fruit flavors.
Excellent!
You can get your rocks from Brock's, Brock's Rocks.
Now, we're Rockin' with Brock's Rocks.
Nick Mania goes Looney, Bugs, Sylvester, Tweety,
and that's not all, folks.
Find out if you're a fud or a Bugsmeister.
Watch Nick Mania tomorrow on Nick.
24 Hours a Day, only on Povall TV on Channel 1.
Governor's Island, Gary Anthony Ramsey.
In Grednitz Village, Debbie Ferrick.
Ron Heights, Brooklyn.
Andrew Kurtzman, New York One.
New York City News, four New Yorkers.
24 Hours a Day, we take the time to do it right.
New York One, because there's only one New York.
From Walt Disney Pictures, he's never coached.
I hate Hawkins, I don't like kids.
You're supposed to be a pep talk.
Dave never won.
You really suck.
Thank you for sharing that.
But with some hard work.
Oh, ho!
A little luck.
You're gonna need it.
Oh!
And that special bond between a coach and his players.
I'm gonna die.
Bye!
They'll become a team.
Emilio Estevez, the mighty Ducks,
rated PG parental guidance suggested.
Hey, coach!
Back to the glow of the Ren and Stimpy show.
His mission.
Where can we get a pair of undershorts like his?
Who is this man of toast?
And what does he want from us?
What is his dark secret?
Shut up!
If you ask me one more stupid question,
I'll tear your skin off.
Disguised as Pastor Toastman,
the cool youth deacon,
powdered Toastman works his day job as a government clerk.
Only powdered Toastman's faithful assistant
knows his dark secret.
Excuse me, Father,
but there's a distress call on your Toast Tomatron communicator.
Thank you, my lovely assistant.
Will evil never rest?
I hope not.
Calling Powder Toastman.
Please respond.
Come in, Powder Toastman.
Powder Toastman here.
Hmm.
Cripes!
I'll get right on it.
Leave everything to me.
This man is off on another day of heroic adventure!
Jiminy.
The powdered Toastman assesses the situation.
Leave everything to me.
Calls for my projectile recent breath.
Don't make me come in there.
I'm saved.
Leave everything to me.
Taste of my hyper-corrosive croutons, Archvillain.
Hold on, buddy.
You'll be free in a jiffy.
But Powder Toastman, what about Muddy Mudskipper?
Hmm.
My gosh, you're right.
How thoughtless of me.
The intensity.
Too strong.
Quick man, cling tenaciously to my buttocks.
Both of them?
Another distress call.
Yes?
Leave everything to me.
Listen, something's come up.
Sorry, Mac, but I've got to attend to something really important.
Hello, fellas.
What seems to be the trouble?
We are lucky, Powder Toast.
Leave everything to me.
I'm sorry, fellas.
I almost forgot.
My toast particles are dissipating.
That can only mean one thing.
A call from Washington.
Mr. President, what seems to be the trouble?
I've got it in my own zipper.
Leave everything to me.
Anytime you're ready, Mr. President.
Okay, full.
I'll thank you, Powder Toastman.
And thus, the President goes into recovery.
But what shall happen to America?
Who will run the country?
Leave everything to me.
And Powder Toastman is sworn into office.
I, Powder Toastman, do solemnly swear
to relieve the American citizens
of their basic human rights.
Lovely assistants, take a letter.
The letter M.
Furthermore, let's hold off the talks with the Kremlin
until we settle the new Three Stooges stamp controversy.
Personally, my vote goes with Shemp.
Although Curly is certainly nothing to take lightly.
That'll be all, faithful one.
Well, I guess that takes care of the day's business.
Man, this job is too cushy for me.
It's chilly in here.
Here's the problem.
The fire's died down.
Let's see.
Hmm, we need something dry here.
Here's some dusty old papers.
That's much better.
What are you doing tomorrow evening?
I'll watch some TV.
It'll help me to relax.
Watch Riding Stimpy as the Royal Canadian
Tid Yaksman in a brand spanking new
Red and Stimpy show at a special time.
Tomorrow night at 7 o'clock,
6 central only on Nick.
Saturday night has arrived.
And Saturday night belongs to Snick.
My name's Heather and I'm playing Dorothy
in the Wizard of Oz.
This is Toto.
Hi, Toto.
Well, Toto's not a real dog,
so if someone's over here,
like trying to pat me on the arm,
I'll have Toto here
and he'll get hit in the head
or whatever.
We're Toto.
I bought my shoes
and then they put glitter and sequins
and everything on me.
All the little kids are always like,
ooh.
There's no place like home.
And then blackout.
We feel an accessory set sold separately.
Wrong, Brontosaurus breath.
I'm not just a dinosaur.
I'm Rocky D.
Dinosaur extraordinaire.
Wow, you eat rocks?
Well, certainly not those hard things
you find on the ground,
but these totally cool,
new, soft and chewy
Brox rox candies.
Look like rocks.
Feel like rocks.
Hey, they don't taste like rocks.
They're green.
Yup, five dynamite fruit flavors.
Excellent.
You can get your rocks
from Brox.
Brox rox.
Now, we're rockin'
with Brox rox.
Hey, Squirt.
Meet Lisa.
I invited her for breakfast.
Nice.
Can I have another bowl, Billy?
Sure.
She's got my Kellogg's Corn Pops.
Stay calm.
Sorry.
You ate all my pops.
Oh, what that tastes like,
sweet popcorn.
And all you can say
is Miss Space Canette
with my loser brother
for her boyfriend is sorry.
What am I going to do?
Billy, didn't you have
Megan over for Corn Pops last week?
Megan Keller.
I'm not hungry.
Aw.
Kellogg's Corn Pops
is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
This is the Super Soaker 50,
the air-powered water gun
that shoots so far
that while you can run,
you can't hide.
The genuine Super Soaker 50.
If you don't have one,
you're all wet.
What was that?
What?
I thought I heard something,
like an animal or something.
Nobody here but us chickens.
Very funny.
You let me do it.
I can do it.
Give me the matches.
Where's Kristen?
She'll be here to get
your shorts in a knot.
Yeah.
After the work is all done,
she wouldn't want to
break her fingernails.
Ouch.
I'm going to have to
make a rule about latecomers.
What was that?
Sounded like a hound dog.
Maybe it was Kristen.
She's no dog.
Hey, guys.
I had to pick up Elvis.
And who's Elvis?
Dean.
But a hound dog.
My dad says Elvis is king.
So, Kristen,
are you going to tell us a story?
You're just going to sit there
scaring us with Elvis.
I have a tail
that'll have you
shaking in your little mouth.
Elvis is here for the sound effects.
I need some help with the dust, Dave.
Submitted for the approval
of the Midnight Society.
I call this story
the tale of the hungry hounds.
Many days, Pam liked to rummage
around in her musty old attic.
Her mother never threw
anything away.
There was stuff from Pam's
grandparents,
from relatives,
and ancestors who'd been
dead for years.
One summer,
Pam's cousin Amy
was visiting from the city.
Come here.
Look at this.
Isn't this great?
Grandpa wore this on
at his wedding.
Just think,
my mother
and your father
were just a twinkle in his eye.
But I guess
Aunt Dora came first.
Amy,
look at this.
Nearly time for the wedding.
This isn't funny.
Oh, give me a break.
You don't really believe
in ghosts, do you?
There are more things
on heaven and earth
that you could ever dream of,
says Hugh.
Hamlet,
his father's ghost
made him do things
that he didn't want to do.
Like what?
Like kill his uncle
for marrying his mother.
Nice.
Glad we're not in that family.
I don't believe in ghosts anyways.
I didn't know you could ride.
I can't.
Mom won't let me.
This is Aunt Dora,
and that's her horse mirage.
She sure looked like you.
Let's go.
I don't know.
It's coming from in there.
Come on, help me.
Look, there's a name.
Dora Peace.
1963.
Come on, this is too creepy.
It's probably just a mouse.
We shouldn't touch it.
Mom says let the dead rest in peace.
Look, there's a little mouse hole.
It's a combination
and we'll let you free.
Come on, Amy.
Come on down.
Now it's time to feed the dog.
Let's go.
I can't believe that I have to spend
my entire summer here.
What do you do for fun anyways?
Promise you won't tell?
Let's go.
His owners live in the city.
They only come here
on weekends though.
Does it bite?
Nah, he's just a big baby.
Watch.
Good boy.
So he's like a big dog.
So what?
Watch this.
Ma'am!
Are you alright?
The animals are dangerous.
I told you never to go near them.
It wouldn't be dangerous
if I knew how to ride.
Can I just take some lessons?
No.
And I wish you wouldn't bring
this up to top again.
It's dinner time.
Let's go home.
But it's safe in a ring.
I don't want to discuss it.
Mom, it happened 30 years ago.
Seems like yesterday to me.
You better give it a rest.
We'll work with just one person.
This is feeble.
Don't you do anything around here
except play games?
What are we going to do next,
Jethro?
Shuck some corn?
Come on.
Humor me.
I found it in the attic.
The spirits were supposed to
give us messages from the other world.
Maybe they can tell us
where to get a pizza.
Amy.
I'm sorry.
Let's visit the far side.
Mom said that she and Aunt Dora
used to do this when they were kids.
Doing this, right?
It's spelled let me out.
Let me out.
Maybe it's that rodent calling
from Aunt Dora's box.
One.
Four.
What if it works?
We're just going to open it up
and take a look.
What's the big deal?
Yeah, but you saw how upset
my mom got it.
It's like she's haunted by
her sister.
If she catches it...
Look.
It can fit through that mouse hole.
It's not big enough to hurt us.
Yeah, but what if it's something else?
Like what?
Now what were those numbers?
One, four, nine.
Look, I'm telling you,
this isn't going to work.
I don't even believe in this stuff.
Then you shouldn't be scared.
Coming from a mouse?
You're the country cousin.
What are you scared of?
Her and grass.
Yeah.
Looks like they never washed it
after the last time she wore it.
Now I have a puppy surprise too.
How many puppies?
One, two, and a third is a teeny tiny puppy.
How cute.
Surprise, surprise, it's puppy surprise.
Now there are teeny tiny puppies.
Four puppies.
And two are teeny tiny.
Puppy surprise.
How many puppies are there in the house?
Three puppies and one's teeny tiny.
You'll need extra love.
Surprise, surprise, it's puppy surprise.
Surprise comes with three, four, five puppies.
At least one is a teeny tiny puppy.
One in four comes with four, five.
Eat so separately.
From Touchstone Pictures, Barry Corman
is the serial king.
He's so cute at this age.
I'm up to the slump.
Do I have to eat today?
What am I, Job?
No, that's not going to show up on screen, is it?
And the only thing worse than being his mother
My mom, get a life.
is being his agent.
Would you boys like anything?
They're fine.
Yeah, we would skip buying whatever falls out of Barry's mouth.
Michael J. Fox.
I got to get into character.
What character?
All you got to do is swallow.
Life with Mikey, rated PG, starts Friday, June 4th
at a theater near you.
100 Cookies.
Who can help sort them, stack them, and make them disappear?
One player.
Two players.
Four.
Yoshi's Cookie on NES and Game Boy.
Cookie.
Now, the sneaking begins again.
With Are You Afraid of the Dark?
For a hundred years, our so was I.
As I am, so will you be.
Nice thought.
Charles.
I've come to feed the hounds.
You should have fed them.
Not.
No, I found them.
They were nearly starving.
I got away.
Maybe he's scared.
Maybe he's hungry.
Fuck the girls in the barn.
It might have been Giles.
Or it might have been another ghost from the family graveyard.
Again, please.
They're trapped in there.
Starved and it's all my fault.
You listen to me.
You are not Dora.
You're Pam.
It's not your fault.
And it wasn't her fault either.
It's that jacket.
Take off the jacket.
Dora, listen to me.
We're your nieces.
You're inside Pam's body.
Nonsense.
I have no nieces.
My brother and my sister are ten years old.
And I've got to feed those hounds.
They're starved before a hundred.
What if they attack us?
They must be fed.
Pam!
Dora!
Don't open that door!
Let me go.
I have to feed the hounds.
Not until you let Pam back into her own body.
Forget it.
I'm going for health.
No!
I don't know the way.
I'll show you if you let me feed the hounds.
What are you going to feed them?
Me?
Kibble.
Now let me out and I'll get it.
No way.
Tell me where it is.
If you don't tell me, we're both dog meat.
Over there by the ladder.
Let's go downstairs.
This place is haunted.
I thought you didn't believe in ghosts.
Come on.
I've got to go feed the dogs.
What dogs?
You only have one.
That's what I said.
I have to feed the dog.
You said dogs.
You said I have to feed the dogs.
Did not.
You did too.
Did too.
Who cares what I said?
What's wrong with you?
Nothing.
I'm fine.
I'm okay.
K, Rex is hungry and I'm going to go feed him now.
After that, Pam tried one more time to convince her mother to let her take riding lessons.
And it finally worked.
Because her mom was no longer haunted by her sister Dora.
And Dora's ghost was no longer tormented by the howling of the hungry hounds.
Clear this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
And don't forget to feed your dog.
Or he may have a bone to pick with you.
Another Nick profile named Andy.
Age 9.
Favorite TV show, Nicktoons.
Favorite food, birdseeds.
Huh?
Best friend, Lenny Adler.
I'm Lenny.
Nickelodeon tuned into kids.
And their pets too.
This year at Six Flags Great Adventure.